Title: Atlassian upgrades AI coding agents for always-on software development
Link: http://www.bing.com/news/apiclick.aspx?ref=FexRss&aid=&tid=6aa66a31b1854d6fa89202aac4bae210&url=https%3a%2f%2fsiliconangle.com%2f2026%2f09%2f10%2fatlassian-upgrades-ai-coding-agents-for-always-on-software-development%2f&c=14795990748795503290&mkt=ko-kr
Published: Thu, 10 Sep 2026 09:00:00 GMT

UPDATED 12:00 EDT / SEPTEMBER 10 2026 byKyt Dotson Identifying the next phase of software development asalways-on agentic artificial intelligence,Atlassian plctoday announced a new set of upcoming Jira featuresto help engineering teams run AI agents at large scale while governing actions over long periods. As enterprise engineering teams begin to adopt more agents, they’re not just scaling agents to do more work – they’re working them longer and across more parts of the software development lifecycle. According to Atlassian, letting agents work with less tedious supervision from start to finish comes with caveats because of trust, grounding, shared context, communication, institutional memory and validation. To address this, the company is releasing updates that govern agentic activity, set standards for action, review AI agents in motion, and validate usage to ensure everything works. According to Atlassian, agents fail because they don’t have a good view of the architecture of projects, decisions and standards. So, the starting line grounds them with better context, and the company calls thisCode Context. It’s built with the company’sTeamwork Graph, which gives coding agents secure intelligence across complex, multi-repository codebases. This is combined with Agent Space Settings and Agent Context Controls to govern where agents can operate, what they can see and what they can do. Allowing a team and management to securely control them the same way they control employee access. The ideal of an AI agent is that it’s not a chatbot. It can run automatically, no more prompting it iteratively. This means that it can run for hours or days on its own, activating when work needs to be done and checking in. Atlassian has introduced Agent loops in Jira, a system that scans backlogs for work and turns it into code merge requests inside Jira, a standards system that conforms code and a dedicated agent that reviews merge requests against standards to flag problems. All of this