Title: NXP to purchase TTTech Auto to bolster automotive operations
Link: http://www.bing.com/news/apiclick.aspx?ref=FexRss&aid=&tid=6aa66b27431643f49127f0033c442e19&url=https%3a%2f%2ffinance.yahoo.com%2fnews%2fnxp-purchase-tttech-auto-bolster-185243472.html&c=12060899745807803766&mkt=ko-kr
Published: Tue, 07 Jan 2025 10:52:00 GMT

Oops, something went wrong Dutch chipmaker NXP has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire TTTech Auto, an Austrian technology firm, in an all-cash transaction valued at $625m. The deal forms part of NXP's strategy to bolster its capabilities in the Software-Defined Vehicle (SDV) market. TTTech Auto specialises in developing middleware that helps integrate automotive operating systems with various applications while ensuring critical functions remain unaffected during updates. The company's expertise in managing complex software systems for automotive safety will complement NXP's existing hardware solutions. Pending regulatory approval, the acquisition will bring approximately 1,100 engineers and TTTech Auto's intellectual property and assets into NXP's automotive division. The company has stated that TTTech Auto will continue serving its current customers and expanding its presence under the NXP brand. NXP executive vice president and general manager of analog & automotive embedded systems Jens Hinrichsen said: "This acquisition combines NXP's automotive portfolio with a leading global player in safety software solutions. "The inclusion of TTTech Auto's software into the NXP CoreRide solution further strengthens NXP's automotive value proposition and accelerates the automotive industry's transformation to software-defined vehicles. NXP CoreRide enables automakers to deploy their best-in-class, differentiated vehicle platforms more efficiently, faster, and safely. "Our acquisition of TTTech Auto is the next big step in NXP's journey to become the leading provider of intelligent edge systems in automotive and Industrial IoT." The automotive industry is currently experiencing a shift from traditional hardware-based designs to platform-based SDVs, which feature advanced interconnected hardware and software systems. This shift will enable feature upgradability, data-driven services, and native cloud development. The SDV market is expected to achieve 45% penetrati