Title: Federal regulators back Trump's plan to speed power to energy-hungry AI data centers
Link: http://www.bing.com/news/apiclick.aspx?ref=FexRss&aid=&tid=6aa66af6e5dc4f9986ca434af33bc314&url=https%3a%2f%2fwww.cnbc.com%2f2026%2f06%2f18%2ffederal-regulators-trump-plan-ai-data-centers.html&c=4784010154377885260&mkt=ko-kr
Published: Thu, 18 Jun 2026 09:21:00 GMT

 Federal regulators on Thursday agreed to let large energy users connect more quickly to the nation's inefficient and electric transmission system to accommodate surging demand from power-hungry artificial intelligence data centers. Energy Secretary Chris Wright had urged the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to act in an effort to help the United States better compete with China for superiority in the fast-growing AI sector. Tech companies and data center developers have welcomed the chances for faster connections to the country's power supply. But utilities, states and regional grid operators worried that the Republican administration's plan would remove their authority to manage the process. Clean energy advocates want the agency to advance, rather than undermine, state-level efforts to require the use of renewable energies. The commission's actions come as a backlash grows against data centers over fears about rising electricity prices and concerns about the massive amounts of energy and water they use, polluting communities across the country andstraining water resources and the electric grid. FERC members voted unanimously to direct that AI data centers and other large power users are "able to connect to the transmission system in a timely and orderly manner." Laura Swett, an appointee of President Donald Trump who chairs the commission, called the vote historic action to push the country's electricity market into the future while also protecting ratepayers from shouldering the costs of connecting big power users to the grid. "I know that Americans across the country are concerned about affordability, and so are we," Swett said, referring the five-member commission. "Many Americans are increasingly concerned about the interconnection of large (power) loads, and data centers will increase their bills in that stress," Swett said. "As chairman, I am taking extremely seriously the mission that Congress has entrusted us to ensure that rates are reasonable and th