Title: QRT, AIWORKX Partner on AI-Based Semiconductor Verification
Link: http://www.bing.com/news/apiclick.aspx?ref=FexRss&aid=&tid=6aa66ae425b04f43a3a4c9cadded5a26&url=https%3a%2f%2fwww.thelec.net%2fnews%2farticleView.html%3fidxno%3d13856&c=9004040670824406134&mkt=ko-kr
Published: Sun, 13 Sep 2026 01:26:00 GMT

Semiconductor reliability testing and analysis company QRT said on Sept. 10 that it will work with AIWORKX to build an artificial intelligence (AI)-based semiconductor reliability verification system. The companies signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) on AI-based semiconductor testing, analysis and verification. They plan to combine QRT’s hardware reliability evaluation capabilities with AIWORKX’s software-based AI automation technology. The companies will first jointly develop AI models using semiconductor testing and analysis data. The models will be trained on large volumes of activity records, or log data, and failure-analysis data accumulated during semiconductor testing. The AI will be used to detect anomalies in test results, identify and predict causes of defects, and automate reliability evaluation processes. Applying AI to semiconductor reliability verification is intended to improve the efficiency and precision of testing and analysis. The companies expect the approach to improve semiconductor quality and yield while significantly reducing verification time and costs. QRT and AIWORKX plan to conduct phased proofs of concept (PoCs) for the technology in high-reliability semiconductor industries. They will also expand joint business development and technology cooperation for customers in Korea and overseas. High-reliability semiconductors are used in areas where stability is critical, including space, aerospace, defense and automotive applications. They have drawn increasing attention with the growth of autonomous driving and the space industry. “In the AI semiconductor era, the speed and precision of testing and analysis determine corporate competitiveness,” said Lee Kyu-bok, CEO of QRT. “By combining QRT’s evaluation technology accumulated over more than 40 years with AIWORKX’s AI capabilities, we will expand our business into high-reliability markets including space, aerospace and defense.” “The collaboration between the two companies will mark a t