Title: Enterprise AI Meets RAG: A New Era Of Real-Time, Context-Aware Intelligence
Link: http://www.bing.com/news/apiclick.aspx?ref=FexRss&aid=&tid=6aa669eb82d34ee790d14fdacd120a84&url=https%3a%2f%2fwww.forbes.com%2fcouncils%2fforbestechcouncil%2f2025%2f07%2f28%2fenterprise-ai-meets-rag-a-new-era-of-real-time-context-aware-intelligence%2f&c=2330620893256010827&mkt=ko-kr
Published: Mon, 28 Jul 2025 04:15:00 GMT

ByDaniel Fallmann, Forbes Councils Member. Daniel Fallmann is founder and CEO ofMindbreeze, a leader in enterprise search, applied artificial intelligence and knowledge management. As artificial intelligence (AI) continues to evolve at breakneck speed, enterprise leaders face a crucial shift in how they think about AI. The conversation is no longer dominated by which organization has the largest or most sophisticated model. Instead, the focus has turned toward something far more meaningful: which company has a model grounded in operational viability, responsible deployment and real-world impact? For a growing number of companies, retrieval-augmented generation (RAG) is representing this fundamental shift in how AI can work within the context of real business environments in a multitude of ways. However, as with any new technology, this approach is not without challenges. At its core, RAG bridges the gap between powerful large language models (LLMs) and trustworthy, business-specific data by generating natural text based on comprehensive documentation retrieval. While LLMs are excellent at generating human-like responses, they often lack the context required to make those responses useful—or even accurate—in a corporate setting. RAG helps to overcome this by combining generative AI with real-time retrieval of information from a company’s own knowledge base. This fusion ensures the AI can deliver responses that are not just fluent but grounded in truth, relevance and compliance, unlocking benefits for employees across the enterprise. When used right, RAG helps to make generative AI both useful and safe for business. Across industries like manufacturing, healthcare, finance and more, organizations are looking for AI solutions that can support decision-making without introducing new risks. Hallucinations, lack of data lineage and general-purpose models that ignore organizational nuance are no longer acceptable. Especially in industries where errors in answers lead to co