Title: Four AI agents coordinating in real time outperformed Claude Opus 4.8 on enterprise coding tasks
Link: http://www.bing.com/news/apiclick.aspx?ref=FexRss&aid=&tid=6aa66a2c36144009ae864f4db949705a&url=https%3a%2f%2fventurebeat.com%2forchestration%2ffour-ai-agents-coordinating-in-real-time-outperformed-claude-opus-4-8-on-enterprise-coding-tasks&c=7657149227695100709&mkt=ko-kr
Published: Fri, 07 Aug 2026 15:45:00 GMT

Image credit: VentureBeat with Nano Banana Pro As enterprise codebases grow, AI agents tasked with analyzing them are buckling under the weight of long-horizon tasks that require multiple interactions and tool calls. Dividing the work among a team of agents seems like the obvious fix, but it introduces a fatal flaw: most multi-agent systems are not designed for agents to coordinate among themselves mid-task and in real time. To solve this, researchers at Coral AI Labs and multiple universities introducedAgentRadio, an asynchronous message-passing layer that allows agents to communicate between their execution steps without interrupting their main work. In real-world enterprise applications where subtasks are highly interdependent, this architecture enables agents to make mid-course corrections rather than continue on dead-end paths until a formal review phase. On a benchmark of long-horizon questions over production repositories, a team of agents powered by AgentRadio nearly doubled task accuracy for four Claude Code agents working independently. It also outmatched single agents running on more advanced models. For AI practitioners, AgentRadio shows that the right coordination structure can outmatch raw compute and model scale. LLM-based agents are increasingly capable of handling long-horizon tasks that require interacting with different tools and environments. Codebase understanding represents an extreme version of this challenge. It requires an AI agent to build the software, execute it, trace execution paths across multiple files, and synthesize evidence over extended periods. Under these conditions, single-agent systems usually break down because of a “coverage problem.” "A single agent follows one serial path through the repository," Xinxing Ren, Caelum Forder, and Peter Carroll, co-authors of the AgentRadio paper, explained to VentureBeat. As its context grows, "the initial plan becomes harder to revise and discoveries made late in the investigation do not al