Title: RAG best practices for enterprise AI teams
Link: http://www.bing.com/news/apiclick.aspx?ref=FexRss&aid=&tid=6aa66f7e7d874c13b1b968077827ec67&url=https%3a%2f%2fwww.techtarget.com%2fai%2ftip%2fRAG-best-practices-for-enterprise-AI-teams&c=12882972007632070520&mkt=ko-kr
Published: Tue, 27 May 2025 02:15:00 GMT

Blue Planet Studio - stock.adobe Large language models are designed to respond to almost any question. But those responses aren't necessarily grounded in verified or up-to-date information. Retrieval-augmented generation enables generative AI applications to access external knowledge stores -- a particularly useful approach for enterprises seeking to use their proprietary data. By implementingRAGas part of a broader generative AI strategy, organizations can create AI applications that use internal, current knowledge while maintaining accuracy, security and regulatory compliance. To get started, explore RAG architecture fundamentals, benefits and challenges. Then walk through a six-step best practices checklist and review tips for enterprise adoption. In a non-RAG generative AI application, a large language model (LLM) draws exclusively on what it has learned from its training data: billions of parameters encoding statistical patterns mined from public data sets. The model responds to prompts based on calculations about what is most likely to be the next word. However, an LLM does not have access to any information past the cutoff date of its training data, nor anything proprietary to a given business. It is a freestanding prediction engine. RAG changes this process by incorporating external data for the LLM to access in real time when answering a query. The RAG process comprises three stages: retrieval, augmentation and generation. When a user asks a question, aRAG architecturedoes not immediately generate an answer from the LLM's existing internal knowledge. Instead, it first searches predefined knowledge repositories, such as internal documents, reports, curated databases or web sources. Retrieval is not guessing; it is a process of directed information-seeking to locate information that might be relevant to the query. The retrieved documents are then fed into the context window of information that the LLM uses to answer the user's question. Augmentation injects l