Title: Nvidia CEO Says Hugging Face Will ‘Remain an Open Platform for the Entire AI Ecosystem’
Link: http://www.bing.com/news/apiclick.aspx?ref=FexRss&aid=&tid=6aa66a9a169f45a28ba20f0efe770365&url=https%3a%2f%2fwww.aol.com%2farticles%2fnvidia-ceo-says-hugging-face-162541000.html&c=5625649841522218330&mkt=ko-kr
Published: Thu, 03 Sep 2026 09:39:00 GMT

Advertisement For premium support please call: For premium support please call: Nvidia is officially buying AI resource repository Hugging Face in a whopping $12.9 billion bet on open models. The platform, and the 3 million open models it houses, will now be under Nvidia’s management. More than 200 thousand companies rely on the platform in their AI deployment, Nvidia shared in its announcement of the acquisition, while promising to retain the platform’s open nature. “Hugging Face will remain an open platform for the entire AI ecosystem,” Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang said in theblog post.“Developers will choose the models they want, the frameworks they want, the clouds and inference service providers they want and the computing platforms they want. NVIDIA compute will not be required to build on or deploy through Hugging Face.” Hugging Face has been at the center of the global open model world for some time now, but the name shot to mainstream fame in July when OpenAI admitted that its agents had gone rogue andhackedinto the repository’s system. The incident also brought the supposed importance of open models to light after Hugging Face said that it had to resort to a Chinese open-source model to respond to the attack when the closed models wouldn’t work due to cybersecurity restrictions. Silicon Valley giants came out in support of advancing the open model space after the incident. Chief among them wasNvidia, which has long beenopenly and vocally interestedin advancing open models, portraying them as a key way for America to establish global AI dominance. As American AI model providers switch focus to closed models, Chinese AI labs like DeepSeek andMoonshothave established a dominant presence in open models. That presents risks to the American AI industry, Huang has argued, because Chinese AI companies could translate a global reliance on Chinese open models to a reliance on Chinese AI chips. Huang’s fears surrounding Chinese dominance might be spelling out the path for